# CS-340

I write programs that are maintainable, adaptable, and readable through a variety of methods. Maintainability comes from my consistent code practices. I use the same method of naming variables and methods such as camelCase. This and standard coding conventions make for more consistent code and thus maintainable code. Adaptabiltiy comes from the usage of def declarations and methods. This allows for these declarations and methods to be reused in other projects easily, if they fit well. Readabiltiy comes from the in-line commentation I provide my code. This allows for other programmers to understand my coding practices. Working with CRUD in the manner I did provided insights into how to work with the language and command line system that I did not know about before. I can re-utilize the CRUD system for other projects that need me to utilize any of the major four functions for either a specific document or set of documents. I approach a problem as a computer scientist with the knowledge that I need to work from the requirements and the needs of the project at hand and move to implement quality software and efficient algorithms that solve the requirements and needs of the project. My approach differed from the other courses as the overall practices was significantly different from the other courses. The usage of command line arguments was a lot different from normal coding practices and thus I had to work on more strategies for such work. I would use a strategy around gathering information on the project first before making the databases. Computer scientists use data, robotics, and computer programming to create software, algorithms, and computer systems. They use all of this to provide companies like Grazioso Salvare the ability to perform better, more efficient work through streamlining the work that company performs. 
